CSSContainerRule docs (#25493)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/csscontainerrule/containername/index.md

---
title: CSSContainerRule.containerName
slug: Web/API/CSSContainerRule/containerName
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.CSSContainerRule.containerName
---

{{ APIRef("CSSOM") }}

The read-only **`containerName`** property of the {{domxref("CSSContainerRule")}} interface represents the container name of the associated CSS {{cssxref("@container")}} at-rule.

For example, the value of `containerName` for the {{cssxref("@container")}} below is `sidebar`:

```css
@container sidebar (min-width: 700px) {
  .card {
    font-size: 2em;
  }
}
```

## Value

A string that contains the [`container-name`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/container-name) of the {{cssxref("@container")}} associated with this {{domxref("CSSContainerRule")}}.

> This will be an empty string if the `@container` is not named.

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of using the future here. Also, unnamed containers are not defined on this page:
```suggestion
If the `@container` is not [named](/Web/API/CSSContainerRule#unnamed_container_rule), the function returns the empty string (`""`).
```

> If the `@container` is not [named](/Web/API/CSSContainerRule#unnamed_container_rule), the function returns the empty string (`""`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `@container` is not [named](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSContainerRule#unnamed_container_rule), the function returns the empty string (`""`).
```

```html hidden
<div id="log">
  <h2>Log</h2>
  <ul></ul>
  <hr />
</div>
```

```js hidden
// Store reference to log list
const logList = document.querySelector("#log ul");
// Function to log data from underlying source
function log(result) {
  const listItem = document.createElement("li");
  listItem.textContent = result;
  logList.appendChild(listItem);
}
```

First we define the HTML for a `card` (`<div>`) contained within a `post`.

```html
<div class="post">
  <div class="card">
    <h2>Card title</h2>
    <p>Card content</p>
  </div>
</div>
```

The CSS for the container element specifies the type of the container, and may also specify a name.
The card has a default font size, which is overridden for the `@container` named `sidebar` if the minimum width is greater than 700px.

```html
<style id="examplestyles">
  .post {
    container-type: inline-size;
    container-name: sidebar;
  }

  /* Default heading styles for the card title */
  .card h2 {
    font-size: 1em;
  }

  @container sidebar (min-width: 700px) {
    .card {
      font-size: 2em;
    }
  }
</style>
```

> The code below gets the {{domxref("HTMLStyleElement")}} associated with the example using its id, and then uses its `sheet` property to get the {{domxref("StyleSheet")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below gets the {{domxref("HTMLStyleElement")}} associated with the example using its `id`, and then uses its `sheet` property to get the {{domxref("StyleSheet")}}.
```

From the `StyleSheet` we get the set of `cssRules` added to the sheet.

> Since we added added the `@container` as the third rule above, we can access the associated `CSSContainerRule` using the third entry (index "2"), in the `cssRules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we added the `@container` as the third rule above, we can access the associated `CSSContainerRule` using the third entry (index "2"), in the `cssRules`.
```

> Last of all, we log the container name and query properties (the code do do the logging is not shown).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Last of all, we log the container name and query properties (the code that does the logging is not shown).
```
